.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMMEMMON 1 "October 18, 2022"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmmemmon \- A dockapp to monitor memory/swap usages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmmemmon [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmmemmon
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBwmmemmon\fP is a program to monitor memory/swap usages. It is a dockapp that is supported by X window managers such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and
Enlightenment.

The current memory usage is displaied as the outside pie-slices.  The swap usage
is represented by the inside slices. It has an LCD look-alike user interface.
The back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the mouse button over the
appliacation. If the usage hits a certain threshold, an alarm-mode will alert
you by turning on back-light.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light.
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates. (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-b,  \-\-ignore\-buffers
ignore buffers. (GNU/Linux)
.TP
.B \-c,  \-\-ignore\-cached
ignore cached pages. (GNU/Linux / FreeBSD)
.TP
.B \-c,  \-\-ignore\-wired
ignore wired pages. (FreeBSD)
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit.
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit.
.TP
.B \-p,  \-\-pixmap-path <path>
alternative path to pixmap files (datarootdir)
.TP
.B \-r,  \-\-resolution <number>
memory resolution steps (default 20), must match with pixmap size
.TP
.B \-n,  \-\-no-splash
disable splash screen
.TP
.B \-m,  \-\-alarm\-mem <percentage>
activate alarm mode of memory. <percentage> is threshold of percentage from 0
to 100. (default off)
.TP
.B \-s,  \-\-alarm\-swap <percentage>
activate alarm mode of swap. <percentage> is threshold of percentage from 0 to
100. (default off)
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-t,  \-\-title
application title name

.SH AUTHOR
wmmemmon was written by Seiichi SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp> and heavily adapted by Thomas Egerer <thomas.egerer@port22.eu>.
